Best BBA College in Punjab, India
USB offers specialized programs that are well suited if you want the broadest possible career options and the blend of skills necessary for certain niche careers. Best BBA College in Punjab offer you many options to specialize and combine interests. The greatest advantage of these programs is their flexibility; along with specializations, you have a broad range of elective subjects, so you can essentially custom-build your own qualification.
About Institute
At University School of Business we are passionate about creating visionary leaders and responsible entrepreneurs of tomorrow. This Business school offers prestigious and specialized programs that a designed to help students launch their dream careers. This degree program is designed to offer broadest possible professional options with a blend of skills necessary for success in the field of business management. Pursue Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) course from the best BBA College in Punjab, India.
Eligibility & Fee Details for BBA Program 10+2 with 50% marks in aggregate or its equivalent examination in any stream conducted by a recognized Board / University / Council.

Best Aerospace Engineering College in Punjab, India Aerospace engineering is a field that involves the design, construction, and maintenance of aircraft, spacecraft, rockets, missiles, and related technologies. It integrates various fields of science to develop and improve aviation and space travel technology and involves a wide range of disciplines, such as aerodynamics, propulsion, materials science, structural engineering, and electronics. This field is constantly evolving as new technologies and materials are developed and new challenges arise in the areas of aviation and space exploration.
Eligibility & Fee Details for Aerospace Engineering Program 10+2 with Physics and Mathematics as compulsory subjects along with one of the following subjects: Chemistry / Biotechnology / Computer Science / Biology with at least 50% marks in the aggregate.
